[charts] Add progressive scatter renderer (#22518)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/scatter/scatter.md

### SVG batch rendering

Scatter charts can have many points, which can slow down rendering.
By default, points are drawn with SVG `circle` elements, which can be slow for large datasets.

The `renderer` prop selects how points are drawn.

> When it is not set, the renderer is chosen automatically based on the number of points: the progressive renderer above an internal threshold, the single renderer otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `renderer` prop selects how points are drawn.
The default value is set to `'svg-single'`.

Set `experimentalFeatures.progressiveRendering` to `true` to get the renderer chosen automatically based on the number of points: `'svg-progressive'` is used when above 2.000 points, `'svg-single'` otherwise.
```
